Add "debug_traceCall" JSON-RPC method (#4353)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: docs/src/content/hardhat-network/docs/reference/index.md

### Standard methods

#### `debug_traceCall`

> Get debug traces for the execution of an eth_call within the context of a specific block's execution. See the [Geth's documentation](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/interacting-with-geth/rpc/ns-debug) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traces the execution of an `eth_call` within the context of a specific block. See [Geth's documentation](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/interacting-with-geth/rpc/ns-debug#debugtracecall) for more info.
```

Author: done

Example:

```js
const result = await network.provider.send("debug_traceCall", [
  {
    from: "0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266",
    to: "0x4b23ad35Da73fEe8154CDc8b291c814028A4E743",
    data: "0xc0129d43",
  },
  "latest",
]);
```

You can also selectively disable some properties in the list of steps:

```js
const trace = await network.provider.send("debug_traceCall", [
  {
    from: "0xf39Fd6e51aad88F6F4ce6aB8827279cffFb92266",
    to: "0x4b23ad35Da73fEe8154CDc8b291c814028A4E743",
    data: "0xc0129d43",
  },
  "latest",
  {
    disableMemory: true,
    disableStack: true,
    disableStorage: true,
  },
]);
```

> 

Author: done
